[ADD] Recruitment: offer job positions (#10099)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/offer_job_positions.rst

  Make any desired changes, then click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.
- :guilabel:`Job Position`: the name of the :guilabel:`Job Position` being offered to the applicant.
  The selections available in the drop-down menu correspond to the :guilabel:`Job Positions`
  configured on the main *Recruitment* dashboard.
- :guilabel:`Job Title`: the specific name of the position being offered to the applicant.
- :guilabel:`Department`: the :guilabel:`Department` the job position falls under.
- :guilabel:`Contract Start Date`: the date the contract takes effect. The default date is the
  current date. To modify the date, click on the displayed date to reveal a calendar pop-up window.
  Navigate to the desired month, then click the day to select the date.
- :guilabel:`Yearly Cost`: the annual salary being offered.
- :guilabel:`Link Expiration Date`: the number of days the job offer is valid. The default
  expiration date is `30` days. Modify the expiration date, if desired.

Send offer
----------

When the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window information is correct, click
:guilabel:`Send By Email`, and an email pop-up window loads.

> If the applicant does not have an email address listed on their applicant card, a warning appears in
> a red box at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window, stating:
> :guilabel:`The applicant does not have a valid email set. The Offer Link won't be able to be
> completed.` Click :guilabel:`Discard`, then enter an email on the applicant's card. Once an email is
> entered, click the :guilabel:`Generate Offer` button, and the email pop-up window loads again.

Reviewer: can possibly put this in a warning admonition?
```suggestion
.. warning::
  The email pop-up fails to send if the applicant does not have an email address listed on their applicant card.
In the draft email pop-up window, click :guilabel:`Discard` to return to the applicant card. After entering the email, click the :guilabel:`Generate Offer` button to restart the process.
```

Author: I like the idea of putting it in an admonition- I put it in an 'important' since I feel a warning might be tot aggressive for this =D

> The default :guilabel:`Recruitment: Your Salary Package` email template is used, and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default :guilabel:`Recruitment: Your Salary Package` email template is used (set in the :guilabel:`Load template` field), and the
```

:guilabel:`Recipients`, :guilabel:`Subject`, and email body are pre-populated based on the email
template.

If any attachments need to be added, click the :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Attachments` button,
and a file explorer window appears. Navigate to the desired file, then click :guilabel:`Open` to
attach it to the email. The attachment loads, and is listed above the :icon:`fa-paperclip`
:guilabel:`Attachments` button.

Once the email is ready to send, click :guilabel:`Send`. The email pop-up window closes, and an
:guilabel:`Offers` smart button appears at the top of the applicant's card.

.. note::
   To send an offer, ensure the *Sign* application is installed. This is necessary so the offer can
   be sent to the applicant by the recruiter, and they can sign the offer. The applicant does
   **not** need any software installed to sign the offer.

.. image:: offer_job_positions/send-offer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Send an email to the applicant with a link to the offered salary.

Configure your package
----------------------

> The email template includes a :guilabel:`Configure your package` button. This link takes the

Reviewer: wow that's cool!

applicant to a webpage where they can modify the proposed salary package, and enter their personal
information.

Once the applicant is hired, the personal information entered on the webpage is imported into their
employee record, when created.

If applicable, the applicant can modify their salary package. This option is not available for all

> localizations. Depending on where the company is located, this option may not be available.

Reviewer: what is the difference between the salary package and proposed salary package? if they're the same, I think this note can be placed at the beginning of the package (:

Once all the information is completed, the applicant then accepts the offer by clicking the
:guilabel:`Review Contract & Sign` button to accept the contract and sign it using the *Sign*
application.

.. _recruitment/offer_job_positions/contract-signed:

Contract signed
===============

Once the applicant has accepted the offer and signed the contract, the next step is to move the
applicant to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage. This stage is folded in the Kanban view, by
default.

To move the applicant to that stage, drag and drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract

> Signed` stage, or click the :guilabel:`...` button to the right of :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` on
> the applicant's card, then click :guilabel:`Contract Signed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signed` stage. If the stage is not visible, click the :guilabel:`...` button to the right of :guilabel:`Contract Proposal`on
the applicant's card, and click :guilabel:`Contract Signed` from the drop-down menu.
```

Once the applicant's card moves to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage, a green :guilabel:`HIRED`
banner appears in the top-right of the applicant's card.

.. image:: offer_job_positions/hired.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Hired banner in the top right corner of applicant card.

Create employee
===============

Once the applicant has been hired, the next step is to create their employee record. Click the
:guilabel:`Create Employee` button in the top-left corner of the applicant's card.

An employee form appears, with information from the applicant's card, and the employee contract,
are imported into the employee card.

Fill out the rest of the employee form. For detailed information on the fields, refer to the
:doc:`../employees/new_employee` documentation.

> When done, the employee record is saved in the *Employees* app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once completed, the employee record is saved in the *Employees* app.
```

===================
Offer job positions
===================

Once an applicant has successfully passed the various interview stages, the recruitment team is
ready to send an offer for employment. The next step is to send the applicant a contract.

.. seealso::
   Refer to the :doc:`recruitment <../recruitment>` documentation for details on the various stages
   of the recruitment process.

Contract proposal
=================

When an offer is ready to be sent, first open the applicant's card by navigating to the

> :menuselection:`Recruitment app`, then click on the desired job position card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Recruitment app`, and clicking on the desired job position card.
```

> In the :guilabel:`Job Positions` Kanban view, the corresponding applicant card can be moved to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the resulting :guilabel:`Job Positions` Kanban view, the corresponding applicant card can be dragged-and-dropped to the
```

> :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage. Drag and drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract
> Proposal` stage, or click the :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage button in the top-right of the
> applicant's card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage. Or, click into the desired applicant's card, and click the :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` stage, located in the status bar in the top-right of the applicant's form.
```

> The next step is to send an offer to the applicant. On the applicant's card, click the
> :guilabel:`Generate Offer` button. A :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window appears.
> Most fields are pre-populated with information from the job position. If any necessary fields are
> blank, or if any information needs to be updated, enter or update the relevant information in the
> corresponding fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next step is to send an offer to the applicant. Start by selecting the desired applicant's card to open their applicant form.

On the applicant's form, click the :guilabel:`Generate Offer` button. A :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window appears.

Most fields are pre-populated with information from the job position. If any necessary fields are
blank, or if any information needs to be updated, enter (or update) the relevant information in the
corresponding fields.
```

.. note::
   Depending on the localization setting for the company, and which applications are installed, some
   fields may not appear in the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window.

   For example, if the *Fleet* application is **not** installed, any fields related to vehicles do
   **not** appear.

Universal fields
----------------

The following fields appear in the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window, regardless
of the localization.

- :guilabel:`Contract Template`: the template currently being used to populate the
  :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window. Use the drop-down menu to select a different
  :guilabel:`Contract Template`, if desired.

  .. note::
     To modify the template, hover over the current template name, and click the :icon:`oi-launch`

>      :guilabel:`Internal link` icon that appears to the right of the drop-down arrow. Make any

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     :guilabel:`Internal link` icon that appears to the right of the field. Make any
```

     desired changes, then click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

- :guilabel:`Job Position`: the name of the :guilabel:`Job Position` being offered to the applicant.
  The selections available in the drop-down menu correspond to the job position configured on the
  main *Recruitment* dashboard.

> - :guilabel:`Job Title`: the position being offered to the applicant.

Reviewer 2: based on these definitions, it's a bit difficult to discern the differences between these two distinctions/fields...

Author: I honestly don't know why we have two fields for basically the same thing- except that one is not modifiable (has a drop down) while the other can be modified. So I am sure that's beneficial for some companies, somewhere. I'll add this info to these entires.

Author: OK i figured it out! I added an example admonition, where they are a Marketing Manager for a shoe company, but their scope is only the Children's line. So, they have 'Marketing Manager' selected from the drop-down Job Position field, BUT for the TITLE field, it's modified to say 'Marketing Manager: Children's Line'. So I think it's completely understandable now!

- :guilabel:`Department`: the :guilabel:`Department` the job position falls under.
- :guilabel:`Contract Start Date`: the date the contract takes effect. The default date is the

>   current date. To modify the date, click on the displayed date to reveal a calendar pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  current date. To modify the date, click on the displayed date to reveal a calendar popover window.
```

   in a red box at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window, stating:
   :guilabel:`The applicant does not have a valid email set. The Offer Link won't be able to be
   completed.` Click :guilabel:`Discard`, then enter an email on the applicant's card. Once an email
   is entered, click the :guilabel:`Generate Offer` button, and the email pop-up window loads again.

The default :guilabel:`Recruitment: Your Salary Package` email template is used (set in the
:guilabel:`Load template` field), and the :guilabel:`Recipients`, :guilabel:`Subject`, and email
body are pre-populated based on the email template.

If any attachments need to be added, click the :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Attachments` button,
and a file explorer window appears. Navigate to the desired file, then click :guilabel:`Open` to
attach it to the email. The attachment loads, and is listed above the :icon:`fa-paperclip`
:guilabel:`Attachments` button.

Once the email is ready to send, click :guilabel:`Send`. The email pop-up window closes, and an
:guilabel:`Offers` smart button appears at the top of the applicant's card.

.. note::

>    To send an offer, ensure the *Sign* application is installed. This is necessary so the offer can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To send an offer, ensure the *Sign* application is installed. This is necessary, so the offer can
```

>    be sent to the applicant by the recruiter, and they can sign the offer. The applicant does

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   be sent to the applicant by the recruiter, and they can actually sign the offer. The applicant does
```

   **not** need any software installed to sign the offer.

.. image:: offer_job_positions/send-offer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Send an email to the applicant with a link to the offered salary.

> Configure your package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure package
```
I understand this is a button, but it's my understanding that we should avoid using "you"/"your" whenever possible

----------------------

If applicable, the applicant can modify their salary package. This option is not available for all
localizations. Depending on where the company is located, this option may not be available.

The email template includes a :guilabel:`Configure your package` button. This link takes the

> applicant to a webpage where they can modify the proposed salary package, and enter their personal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
applicant to a webpage, where they can modify the proposed salary package, and enter their personal
```

information.

> Once the applicant is hired, the personal information entered on the webpage is imported into their

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the applicant is hired, the personal information entered on the webpage is imported to their
```

employee record, when created.

> Once all the information is completed, the applicant then accepts the offer by clicking the
> :guilabel:`Review Contract & Sign` button to accept the contract and sign it using the *Sign*
> application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once all the information is completed, the applicant can accept the offer by clicking the
:guilabel:`Review Contract & Sign` button to accept the contract, and sign it using the *Sign*
application.
```

.. _recruitment/offer_job_positions/contract-signed:

Contract signed
===============

Once the applicant has accepted the offer and signed the contract, the next step is to move the
applicant to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage. This stage is folded in the Kanban view, by
default.

> To move the applicant to that stage, drag and drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To move the applicant to that stage, drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract
```

Signed` stage. If the stage is not visible, click the :guilabel:`...` button to the right of

> :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` on the applicant's card, and click :guilabel:`Contract Signed` from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Contract Proposal` on the applicant's form, and click :guilabel:`Contract Signed` from
```

> the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the resulting drop-down menu.
```

> Once the applicant's card moves to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage, a green :guilabel:`HIRED`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the applicant is moved to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage, a green :guilabel:`HIRED`
```

> banner appears in the top-right of the applicant's card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
banner appears in the top-right of the applicant's card and form.
```

.. image:: offer_job_positions/hired.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Hired banner in the top right corner of applicant card.

Create employee
===============

Once the applicant has been hired, the next step is to create their employee record. Click the

> :guilabel:`Create Employee` button in the top-left corner of the applicant's card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Create Employee` button in the top-left corner of the hired applicant's form.
```

> An employee form appears, with information from the applicant's card, and the employee contract,
> are imported into the employee card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An employee form appears, with information from the applicant's card, and the employee contract.
```

  :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window. Use the drop-down menu to select a different
  :guilabel:`Contract Template`, if desired.

  .. note::
     To modify the template, hover over the current template name, and click the :icon:`oi-launch`
     :guilabel:`Internal link` icon that appears to the right of the field. Make any desired
     changes, then click :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

- :guilabel:`Job Position`: the name of the :guilabel:`Job Position` being offered to the applicant.
  The selections available in the drop-down menu correspond to the job position configured on the
  main *Recruitment* dashboard.
- :guilabel:`Job Title`: the selected :guilabel:`Job Position` populates this field, by default.
  The title can be modified to suit the specific applicant's position and provide more details.

  .. example::
     An applicant is offered a marketing manager job at a shoe company, specifically for the
     children's line.

     The :guilabel:`Job Position` selected from the drop-down menu is `Marketing Manager`, and the
     :guilabel:`Job Title` is modified for their specific responsibilities, `Marketing Manager:
     Children's Shoes`.

> - :guilabel:`Department`: the :guilabel:`Department` the job position falls under.

Reviewer 3: No need for a guilabel on this
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Department`: the department the job position falls under.
```

- :guilabel:`Contract Start Date`: the date the contract takes effect. The default date is the
  current date. To modify the date, click on the displayed date to reveal a calendar popover window.
  Navigate to the desired month, then click the day to select the date.
- :guilabel:`Yearly Cost`: the annual salary being offered.
- :guilabel:`Link Expiration Date`: the number of days the job offer is valid. The default
  expiration date is `30` days. Modify the expiration date, if desired.

Send offer
----------

> Once the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window is correct, click :guilabel:`Send By

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to use "complete" instead of "correct"
```suggestion
Once the :guilabel:`Generate a Simulation Link` pop-up window is complete, click :guilabel:`Send By
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Send an email to the applicant with a link to the offered salary.

Configure your package
----------------------

If applicable, the applicant can modify their salary package. This option is not available for all
localizations. Depending on where the company is located, this option may not be available.

The email template includes a :guilabel:`Configure your package` button. This link takes the
applicant to a webpage, where they can modify the proposed salary package, and enter their personal
information.

Once the applicant is hired, the personal information entered on the webpage is imported to their
employee record, when created.

Once all the information is completed, the applicant can then accept the offer by clicking the
:guilabel:`Review Contract & Sign` button to accept the contract, and sign it using the *Sign*
application.

.. _recruitment/offer_job_positions/contract-signed:

Contract signed
===============

Once the applicant has accepted the offer and signed the contract, the next step is to move the
applicant to the :guilabel:`Contract Signed` stage. This stage is folded in the Kanban view, by
default.

> To move the applicant to that stage, drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract
> Signed` stage. If the stage is not visible, click the :guilabel:`...` button to the right of
> :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` on the applicant's form, and click :guilabel:`Contract Signed` from
> the resulting drop-down menu.

Reviewer 3: Please use the icon, if it is vertical:
```suggestion
To move the applicant to that stage, drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract
Signed` stage. If the stage is not visible, click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v` :guilabel:`(ellipsis)`
button to the right of :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` on the applicant's form, and click
:guilabel:`Contract Signed` from the resulting drop-down menu.
```
Or horizontal:
```suggestion
To move the applicant to that stage, drag-and-drop the applicant's card to the :guilabel:`Contract
Signed` stage. If the stage is not visible, click the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-h` :guilabel:`(ellipsis)`
button to the right of :guilabel:`Contract Proposal` on the applicant's form, and click
:guilabel:`Contract Signed` from the resulting drop-down menu.
```
